Move preference grouping and shadow root detection to preferences component page (#848)
novuhq/docs: content/docs/platform/inbox/react/components/preferences.mdx

  display: none;
}
```

### Grouping Preferences

Preference Grouping allows you to organize extensive lists of workflows into well-organized, meaningful groups. This enhances efficiency and simplifies the management of subscriber preferences.

> <img src="/images/inbox/preference-groups.png" alt="Preference Groups" style={{ margin: '0 auto' }} />

Reviewer: There is no such image, remove it

To implement preference grouping, use the `preferenceGroups` prop on the `Inbox` component. Each group requires:

- `name`: The text displayed for the group
- `filter`: Criteria for which preferences appear in the group (object or function)

Here are the key ways to filter preferences:

1. **Filter by tags**:
   ```tsx
   const groupConfig = { name: 'General', filter: { tags: ['account'] } };
   ```

2. **Filter by tags and workflow IDs**:
   ```tsx
   const groupConfig = { name: 'Marketing', filter: { tags: ['marketing'], workflowIds: ['workflow-id'] } };
   ```

3. **Include all workflows** (even those in other groups):
   ```tsx
   const groupConfig = { name: 'All Workflows', filter: ({ preferences }) => preferences };
   ```

4. **Custom filtering logic**:
   You can implement custom filtering logic using a function that receives the preferences array (excluding global preferences) and returns filtered preferences based on your criteria.

<Callout type="info">
  The Global Preferences are always visible and cannot be removed from the list.
</Callout>

## Shadow DOM Support

> When the Inbox component is rendered within a shadow DOM, it automatically detects it and ensures style isolation at the shadow root level with no extra configuration required.

Reviewer: Remove this part, it's not connected to preferences

  display: none;
}
```

### Grouping Preferences

> Preference Grouping allows you to organize extensive lists of workflows into well-organized, meaningful groups. This enhances efficiency and simplifies the management of subscriber preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preference Grouping allows you to organize extensive lists of workflows into well-organized, meaningful groups. This ensures that your end-users get a better experience when managing their preferences.
```
